MARCH # All Stories New and Complete Publisher Editor IF is published bi-monthly by Quinn Publishing Company, Inc., Kingston, New York. Volume #, No. #. Copyright # by Quinn Publishing Company, Inc. Application for Entry' as Second Class matter at Post Office, Buffalo, New York, pending. Subscription # for # issues in U.S. and Possessions: Canada # for # issues; elsewhere #. Aiiow four weeks for change of address. All stories appearing in this magazine are fiction. Any similarity to actual persons is coincidental. #c a fcopy. Printed ia U.S. A. A chat with the editor  i #  science fiction magazine called IF. The title was selected after much thought because of its brevity and on the theory it is indicative of the field and will be easy to remember. The tentative title that just morning and couldn't remember it until we'd had a cup of coffee, it was summarily discarded. A great deal of thought and effort lias gone into the formation of this magazine. We have had the aid of several very talented and generous people, for which we are most grateful. Much is due them for their warmhearted assistance. And now that the bulk of the formative work is done, we will try to maintain IF as one of the finest books on the market.  t a great public demand for our magazine. In short, why will you buy IF? We cannot, in honesty, say we will publish at all times the best science fiction in the field. That would not be true. But we will have access to the best stories, and we will get our fair share of works from the best writers. We definitely will not talk "adult" or "juvenile" relative to our content as we feel such terms are misleading. We would rather think at all times in the terms of "story". Some of the greatest escapist literature ever written, Treasure Island for instance, could be put into either category or both. And if Edgar Rice Burroughs is juvenile, then so are we, because the late master has given us some memorable thrills. Frankly, we don't think you'll buy IF because you feel we print better yams than any other mag. You will buy it, we hope, because you like its personality. Every magazine, we feel, does have a definite personality of its own. This personality is usually a reflection of the editors, their way of thinking, their appreciation of tKe market, their interpretation of what you will like best in stories and artwork. We have tried to make IF different from any other science fiction magazine on the stands while still building it along the lines of what every science fiction mag must be. Aside from the letter columns and the editorial, which are departments of field-wide use, we have not copied any feature of any other magazine. We will not, for instance, review fanzines, because we feel that is being most ably done by other mags. Nor will we, as a general practice, review books because that appears to us to be overdone. a personality of our own and hope thereby to establish an affinity with a large number of readers who will remember IF when they buy a science fiction mag as one they like and wish to continue reading. At all times we will hew to the story-line and will exhort with our writers to do the same. As an example, when Howard Browne phoned to talk over the plot for his lead novel in this issue, he described what ivas without doubt a staggering premise, a really startling concept. "But," he mourned, S T suppose I'll have to bend it around to give them the good old conventional ending." We told Howard, "Not for IF, chum. Remember the old creed we live by. A writer may cheat on his wife, but he is ever true to the story-line. He may haul his infant son around by one leg. but he carries a good story-idea like a holy relic. 